Today it's up to you to create the peacefulness you long for.
A friend asks only for your time, not your money.
A smile is your passport into the hearts of others.
A good way to keep healthy is to eat more Chinese food.
Your high-minded principles spell success.
Hard work pays off in the future, laziness pays off now.
Change can hurt, but it leads a path to something better.
Enjoy the good luck a companion brings you.
People are naturally attracted to you.
A chance meeting opens new doors to success and friendship.
You learn from your mistakes... You will learn a lot today.
If you have something good in your life, don't let it go!
Whatever your goal is in life, embrace it, visualize it, and it will be yours.
Your shoes will make you happy today.
You cannot love life until you live the life you love.
Be on the lookout for coming events; They cast their shadows beforehand.
Land is always on the mind of a flying bird.
The man or woman you desire feels the same about you.
Meeting adversity well is the source of your strength.
A dream you have will come true.
Our deeds determine us as much as we determine our deeds.
Never give up. You're not a failure if you don't give up.
You will become great if you believe in yourself.
There is no greater pleasure than seeing your loved ones prosper.
You will marry your lover.
A very attractive person has a message for you.
You already know the answer to the questions lingering inside your head.
You must try, or hate yourself for not trying.
You can make your own happiness.
The greatest risk is not taking one.
The love of your life is stepping into your planet this summer.
Love can last a lifetime if you want it to.
Adversity is the parent of virtue.
Serious trouble will bypass you.
A short stranger will soon enter your life with blessings to share.
Now is the time to try something new.
Wealth awaits you soon.
If you feel you are right, stand firmly by your convictions.
Keep your eye out for someone special.
You are talented in many ways.
A stranger is a friend you have not spoken to yet.
A new voyage will fill your life with untold memories.
You will travel to many exotic places in your lifetime.
Your ability for accomplishment will follow with success.
It's amazing how much good you can do if you don't care who gets the credit.
Everyone agrees. You are the best.
Jealousy doesn't open doors, it closes them!
It's better to be alone sometimes.
When fear hurts you, conquer it and defeat it!
Let the deeds speak.
You will be called in to fulfill a position of high honor and responsibility.
The man on the top of the mountain did not fall there.
You will conquer obstacles to achieve success.
Joys are often shadows cast by sorrows.
Fortune favors the brave.
An upward movement started in time can counteract fate.
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.
Never give up. Always find a reason to keep trying.
If you have something worth fighting for, then fight for it.
Stop wishing. Start doing.
Accept your past without regrets. Handle your present with confidence. Face your future without fear.
Stay true to those who would do the same for you.
Ask yourself if what you are doing today is getting you closer to where you want to be tomorrow.
Help is always needed but not always appreciated. Stay true to your heart and help those in need whether they appreciate it or not.
Hone your competitive instincts.
Finish your work on hand, don't be greedy.
For success today, look first to yourself.
Your fortune is as sweet as a cookie.
Integrity is the essence of everything successful.
If you're happy, you're successful.
You will always be surrounded by your true friends.
Believing that you are beautiful will make you appear beautiful to others around you.
Happiness comes from a good life.
Before trying to please others, think of what makes you happy.
When hungry, order more Chinese food.
Your golden opportunity is coming shortly.
For hate is never conquered by hate. Hate is conquered by love.
You will make many changes before settling down happily.
A man is born to live and not prepare to live.
You cannot become rich except by enriching others.
Don't pursue happiness - create it.
You will be successful in love.
Wise sayings often fall on barren ground, but a kind word is never thrown away.
A lifetime of happiness is in store for you.
It is possible that you will achieve greatness in your lifetime.
Be tactful; overlook your own opportunity.
You are the controller of your destiny.
Everything happens for a reason.
How can you have a beautiful ending without making beautiful mistakes?
You can open doors with your charm and patience.
Welcome the change coming into your life.
There will be a happy romance for you shortly.
Your fondest dream will come true within this year.
Your emotional nature is strong and sensitive.
A letter of great importance may reach you any day now.
Good health will be yours for a long time.
You will become better acquainted with a coworker.
To be old and wise, you must first be young and stupid.
Failure is only the opportunity to begin again more intelligently.
Integrity is doing the right thing even if nobody is watching.
Conquer your fears or they will conquer you.
You are a lover of words; One day you will write a book.
In this life it is not what we take up, but what we give up, that makes us rich.
Fear can keep us up all night long, but faith makes one fine pillow.
Seek out the significance of your problems. Try to understand.
Never upset the driver of the car you're in; they're the master of your destiny until you get home.
He who slithers among the ground is not always a foe.
You learn from your mistakes, you will learn a lot today.
You only need to look to your own reflection for inspiration.
You are not judged by your efforts you put in; you are judged on your performance.
Rivers need springs.
Good news from afar may bring you a welcome visitor.
When all else seems to fail, smile for today and just love someone.
Patience is a virtue, unless it's against a brick wall.
When you look down, all you see is dirt, so keep looking up.
If you are afraid to shake the dice, you will never throw a six.
Even the person who appears most wrong is also often right.
A single conversation with a wise man is better than ten years of study.
Happiness is often a rebound from hard work.
The world may be your oyster, but that doesn't mean you'll get its pearl.
Your life will be filled with magical moments.
Do not follow where the path may lead. Go where there is no path... and leave a trail.
Do not fear what you don't know.
The object of your desire comes closer.
You have a flair for adding a fanciful dimension to any story.
If you wish to know the mind of a man, listen to his words.
Do not be covered in sadness or be fooled in happiness, they both must exist.
You will have unexpected good luck.
You will have a pleasant surprise.
All progress occurs because people dare to be different.
Your ability for accomplishment will be followed by success.
The world is always ready to receive talent with open arms.
Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle.
We can't help everyone. But everyone can help someone.
Every day is a new day. But tomorrow is never promised.
Express yourself: Don't hold back!
It is unnecessary to show others you have changed; the change will be obvious.
You have a deep appreciation of the arts and music.
If your desires are not extravagant, they will be rewarded.
You try hard, never to fail. You don't, never to win.
Never give up on someone that you don't go a day without thinking about.
It never pays to kick a skunk.
Next full moon brings an enchanting evening.
Not every closed eye is sleeping nor open eye is seeing.
Impossible is a word only to be found in the dictionary of fools.
You will soon witness a miracle.
The time is always right to do what is right.
Love is as necessary to human beings as food and shelter.
You will make heads turn.
You are extremely loved.
If you are never patient, you will get nothing done. If you believe you can do it, you will be rewarded with success.
You will have a long and wealthy life.
You will take a pleasant journey to a place far away.
You are a person of culture.
Keep it simple. The more you say, the fewer people remember.
Life is like a dogsled team. If you're not the lead dog, the scenery never changes.
Prosperity makes friends and adversity tries them.
Nothing seems impossible to you.
Patience is bitter, but its fruit is sweet.
The only certainty is that nothing is certain.
Success is the sum of my unique visions realized by the sweat of perseverance.
Intelligence is the door to freedom and alert attention is the mother of intelligence.
Back away from individuals who are impulsive.
You believe in the goodness of mankind.
A big fortune will descend upon you this year.
For success today look first to yourself.
Determination is the wake-up call to the human will.
There are no limitations to the mind except those we acknowledge.
Whenever possible, keep it simple.
Your dearest wish will come true.
Poverty is no disgrace.
If you don’t do it excellently, don’t do it at all.
You have unusual equipment for success, use it properly.
Emotion is energy in motion.
You will soon be honored by someone you respect.
Punctuality is the politeness of kings and the duty of gentle people everywhere.
Your happiness is intertwined with your outlook on life.
Elegant surroundings will soon be yours.
Your smile brings happiness to everyone you meet.
Instead of worrying and agonizing, move ahead constructively.
Do you believe? Endurance and persistence will be rewarded.
Never underestimate the power of the human touch.
Hold on to the past but eventually, let the times go and keep the memories into the present.
Truth is an unpopular subject. Because it is unquestionably correct.
The most important thing in communication is to hear what isn’t being said.
You are broad-minded and socially active.
Your dearest dream is coming true. God looks after you especially.
You will receive some high prize or award.
Your present question marks will succeed.
You have a fine capacity for the enjoyment of life.
You will live long and enjoy life.
An admirer is concealing his/her affection for you.
You will kiss your crush.
You will be rewarded for being a good listener in the next week.
If you never give up on love, It will never give up on you.
There is a prospect of a thrilling time ahead for you.
No distance is too far if two hearts are tied together.
Land is always in the mind of the flying birds.
Try? No! Do or do not, there is no try.
Do not worry, you will have great peace.
It's about time you asked that special someone on a date.
Create your own stage, your audience is waiting.
It is never too late. Just as it is never too early.
Discover the power within yourself.
Good things take time.
Stop thinking about the road not taken and pave over the one you did.
Put your unhappiness aside. Life is beautiful, be happy.
You can still love what you can not have in life.
Make a wise choice every day.
The man who waits for tomorrow, misses the opportunities of today.
Life does not get better by chance. It gets better by change.
If you never expect anything you can never be disappointed.
People in your surroundings will be more cooperative than usual.
True wisdom is found in happiness.
Find a peaceful place where you can make plans for the future.
All the water in the world can't sink a ship unless it gets inside.
In music, one must think with his heart and feel with his brain.
If you speak honestly, everyone will listen.
Generosity will repay itself sooner than you imagine.
Good things take time.
Do what is right, not what you should.
To affect the quality of the day is no small achievement.
Simplicity and clarity should be the theme in your dress.
Bread today is better than cake tomorrow.
A feeling is an idea with roots.
Man is born to live and not prepare to live.
It's all right to have butterflies in your stomach. Just get them to fly in formation.
If you don't give something, you will get nothing.
You will think for yourself when you stop letting others think for you.
A dream you have will come true.
The worst of friends may become the best of enemies, but you will always find yourself hanging on.
I think you ate your fortune while you were eating your cookie.
Do what you want, when you want, and you will be rewarded.
Let your fantasies unwind.
The cooler you think you are the dumber you look.
Expect great things and great things will come.
Don't lead if you won't lead.
You will always be successful in your professional career.
Share your happiness with others today.
It's up to you to clarify.
Your future will be happy and productive.
Seize every second of your life and savor it.
Those who walk in other's tracks leave no footprints.
Failure is the mother of success.
Difficulty at the beginning means ease at the end.
Do not seek so much to find the answer as much as to understand the question better.
Your way of doing what other people do their way is what makes you special.
A beautiful, smart, and loving person will be coming into your life.
Friendship is an ocean that you cannot see the bottom of.
Your life does not get better by chance, it gets better by change.
A pleasant experience is ahead, don't pass it by.
Our perception and attitude toward any situation will determine the outcome.
They say you are stubborn; you call it persistence.
Two small jumps are sometimes better than one big leap.
A new wardrobe brings great joy and change to your life.
The cure for grief is motion.
It's a good thing that life is not as serious as it seems to the waiter.
A human being is a deciding being.
Today is an ideal time to water your personal garden.
Some men dream of fortunes, others dream of cookies.
Things are never quite the way they seem.
The project on your mind will soon gain momentum.
Your failures will lead you to your success.
In order to get the rainbow, you must endure the rain.
Your dream will come true when you least expect it.
Let not your hand be stretched out to receive and shut when you should repay.
Don't worry, half the people you know are below average.
Vision is the art of seeing what is invisible to others.
You don't need talent to gain experience.
A focused mind is one of the most powerful forces in the universe.
Today you shed your last tear. Tomorrow fortune knocks at your door.
Digital circuits are made from analog parts.
If you eat a box of fortune cookies, anything is possible.
The best is yet to come.
A single kind act will keep one warm for years.
Ask a friend to join you on your next voyage.
Love is free. Lust will cost you everything you have.
Jealousy is a useless emotion.
There is someone rather annoying in your life that you need to listen to.
You will plant the smallest seed, and it will become the greatest and most mighty tree in the world.
It's never too late for good things to happen!
A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.
Aim high, time flies.
A great pleasure in life is doing what others say you can't.
It is better to be the hammer than the nail.
You are admired by everyone for your talent and ability.
You will soon discover a major truth about the one you love most.
Your life will prosper only if you acknowledge your faults and work to reduce them.
The early bird gets the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
Help, I'm being held prisoner in a Chinese cookie factory!
Alas! The onion you are eating is someone else’s water lily.
You are a person with a good sense of justice, now it's time to act like it.
You create enthusiasm around you.
There are big changes ahead for you. They will be good ones!
You will have many happy days soon.
Out of confusion comes new patterns.
Live like you are on the bottom, even if you are on the top.
You will soon emerge victorious from the maze you've been traveling in.
Do not judge a book by its cover.
Everything will come your way.
Darkness is only successful when there is no light.
Acting is not lying. It is finding someone hiding inside you and letting that person run free.
You will be forced to face fear, but if you do not run, fear will be afraid of you.
Stop nagging to your partner and take it day by day.
Bad luck and misfortune will follow you all your days.
Remember the fate of the early worm.
Begin your life anew with strength, grace and wonder.
Be a good friend and a fair enemy.
The best prophet of the future is the past.
Movies have pause buttons, friends do not.
Trust your intuition.
Encourage your peers.
Let your imagination wander.
Your pain is the breaking of the shell that encloses your understanding.
Patience is key, a wait short or long will have its reward.
Be assertive when decisive action is needed.
Hope brings about a better future.
Even though it will often be difficult and complicated, you know you have what it takes to get it done.
You can choose, right now and in every moment, to put your powerful and effective abilities to purposeful use. There is always something you can do, no matter what the situation may be, that will move your life forward.
You will prosper in the field of wacky inventions.
Your tongue is your ambassador.
The cure for grief is movement.
Life to you is a bold and dashing responsibility.
Patience is the key to joy.
A bargain is something you don't need at a price you can't resist.
Stay to your inner-self, you will benefit in many ways.
Rarely do great beauty and great virtue dwell together as they do in you.
You are talented in many ways.
You are the master of every situation.
Don't wait for your ship to come in, swim out to it.
There are lessons to be learned by listening to others.
If you want the rainbow, you have to tolerate the rain.
Volition, Strength, Languages, Freedom and Power rests in you.
Too many people volunteer to carry the stool when it's time to move the piano.
It takes more than a good memory to have good memories.
Word to the wise: Don't play leapfrog with a unicorn.
Forgive your enemies, but never forget them.
It is much easier to look for the bad, than it is to find the good.
You are worth loving, you are also worth the effort it takes to love you.
Cooperate with those who have both know how and integrity.
Minor aches today are likely to pay off handsomely tomorrow.
Focus in on the color yellow tomorrow for good luck!
The problem with resisting temptation is that it may never come again.
All your sorrows will vanish.
Love will lead the way.
It is best to act with confidence, no matter how little right you have to it.
Soon, a visitor shall delight you.
What breaks in a moment may take years to mend.
You will be rewarded for your patience and understanding.
You will achieve all your desires and pleasures.
Never miss a chance to keep your mouth shut.
Never regret anything that made you smile.
At this very moment you can change the rest of your life.
Become who you are.
The quotes that you do not understand are not meant for you.
You have an important new business development shaping up.
Benefit by doing things that others give up on.
Rest has a peaceful effect on your physical and emotional health.
Plan your work and work your plan.
Those who bring sunshine to the lives of others cannot keep it from themselves.
Before the beginning of great brilliance, there must be chaos.
Old friends make best friends.
Stop searching forever. Happiness is just next to you.
Accept something that you cannot change, and you will feel better.
You will have good luck and overcome many hardships.
You never hesitate to tackle the most difficult problems.
Hope is like food. You will starve without it.
An angry man opens his mouth and shuts his eyes.
Make the system work for you, not the other way around.
Be prepared for extra energy.
An unexpected relationship will become permanent.
Better be the head of a chicken than the tail of an ox.
To forgive others one more time is to create one more blessing for yourself.
Enjoy yourself while you can.
The ultimate test of a relationship is to disagree but to hold hands.
Excellence is the difference between what I do and what I am capable of.
People enjoy having you around. Appreciate this.
You are admired for your adventurous ways.
It's never crowded along the "extra mile"
You are blessed, today is the day to bless others.
People in your background will be more co-operative than usual.
Anyone who dares to be, can never be weak.
The measure of time to your next goal is the measure of your discipline.
Failure is not defeat until you stop trying.
The days that make us happy make us wise.
Time may fly by, but memories don't.
You will win success in whatever you adopt.
You will outdistance all your competitors.
You have a great capability to break cookies - use it wisely!
At times, it is better to know when to exit than to enter.
Money will come to you when you are doing the right thing.
When you get something for nothing, you just haven't been billed for it yet.
You will discover your hidden talents.
You will overcome difficult times.
Your problem just became your stepping stone. Catch the moment.
The majority of the word "can't" is can.
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
Be the most affectionate today.
Change your thoughts and you change the world.
All the preparation you've done will finally be paying off!
Sing and rejoice, fortune is smiling on you.
A truly great person never puts away the simplicity of a child.
The expanse of your intelligence is a void no universe could ever fill.
An unexpected acquaintance will resurface.
If you want the rainbow, then you have to tolerate the rain.
You don't get harmony when everyone sings the same note.
The early bird gets the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
The best things in life aren't things.
Everything has beauty but not everyone sees it.
Nothing is as good or bad as it appears.
Never cut what you can untie.
Laughter is the shortest distance between two people.
We cannot change the direction of the wind, but we can adjust our sails.
In the eyes of lovers, everything is beautiful.
Demonstrate refinement in everything you do.
Impossible standards just make life difficult.
A different world cannot be build by indifferent people.
All troubles you have can pass away very quickly.
Sometimes the object of the journey is not the end, but the journey itself.
Fear is just excitement in need of an attitude adjustment.
Perhaps you've been focusing too much on spending.
Happiness isn't something you remember, it's something you experience.
The dream is within you.
Be direct, usually one can accomplish more that way.
Use your talents. That's what they are intended for.
The troubles you have now will pass quickly.
See the light at the end of the tunnel.
Don't 'face' reality, let it be the place from which you leap.
Fortune smiles upon you today.
Believing is doing.
Your dynamic eyes have attracted a secret admirer.
You know where you are going and how to get there.
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams.
Your ability to pick a winner will bring you success.
Enthusiastic leadership gets you a promotion when you least expect it.
You are far more influential than you think.
Adjust finances, make budgets, to improve your standing.
Happiness is not the absence of conflict, but the ability to cope with it.
An understanding heart warms all that are graced with its presence.
Your co-workers take pleasure in your great sense of creativity.
You are one of the people who "goes places in life."
Others enjoy your company.
When in doubt, let your instincts guide you.
A cheerful message is on its way to you.
A pleasant surprise is in store for you tonight.
You can't go down the right path without first discovering the path to go down.
To courageously shoulder the responsibility of one's mistake is character.
The joyful energy of the day will have a positive effect on you.
You have a strong desire for a home and your family interests come first.
Dogs have owners, cats have staff.
Be patient: in time, even an egg will walk.
You are not a person who can be ignored.
You always know the right times to be assertive or to simply wait.
Reading to the mind is what exercise is to the body.
Your life becomes more and more of an adventure!
You need to live authentically, and you can't ignore that.
Make all you can, save all you can, give all you can.
A well-aimed spear is worth three.
To build a better world, start in your community.
When you can't naturally feel upbeat, it can sometimes help to act as if you did.
May you have great luck.
A kind word will keep someone warm for years.
Nothing in the world is accomplished without passion.
Human invented language to satisfy the need to complain.
Accept what comes to you each day.
A small lucky package is on its way to you soon.
In human endeavor, chance favors the prepared mind.
The best way to give credit is to give it away.
Anything you do, do it well. The last thing you want is to be sorry for what you didn't do.
It takes more than good memory to have good memories.
You will be selected for a promotion because of your accomplishments.
There are many new opportunities that are being presented to you.
You will inherit a large sum of money.
You will receive a gift from someone that cares about you.
You are contemplating some action which will bring credit upon you.
Keep true to the dreams of your youth.
Treasure what you have.
The greatest precept is continual awareness.
A new friend helps you break out of an old routine.
Your skill will accomplish what the force of many cannot.
You will soon be surrounded by good friends and laughter.
It is better to be the hammer then the anvil.
He who climbs a ladder must begin at the first step.
Give yourself some peace and quiet for at least a few hours.
Live each day well and wisely.
Old dreams never die they just get filed away.
A man without aim is like a clock without hands, as useless if it turns as if it stands.
Many folks are about as happy as they make up their minds to be.
It's kind of fun to do the impossible.
The human spirit is stronger than anything that can happen to it.
Your succeeds will astonish everyone.
It is better to have a hen tomorrow than an egg today.
Judge each day not by the harvest you reap but by the seeds you plant.
Your hard work will get payoff today.
Today is the tomorrow we worried about yesterday.
There are no shortcuts to any place worth going.
No matter what your past has been, you have a spotless future.
Your secret desire to completely change your life will manifest.
Soon you will be sitting on top of the world.
You are never selfish with your advice or your help.
A thrilling time is in store for you.
It's tough to be fascinating.
Soon life will become more interesting.
Luck sometimes visits a fool, but it never sits down with him.
Keep your plans secret for now.
Traveling this year will bring your life into greater perspective.
Only talent people get help from others.
Constant grinding can turn an iron nod into a needle.
You will be successful in your work.
You will spend old age in comfort and material wealth.
When you're about to turn your heart into a stone remember: you do not walk alone.
You are vigorous in words and action.
The one who snores will always fall asleep first.
Rest is a good thing, but boredom is its brother.
Do not be overly judgemental of your loved one's intentions or actions.
Think of how you can assist on a problem, not who to blame.
Trust your intuition. The universe is guiding your life.
Use your head, but live in your heart.
Don't find fault, find a remedy.
It may be those who do most, dream most.
Your passions sweep you away.
Listen to yourself more often.
The simplest answer is to act.
You will always have good luck in your personal affairs.
The pleasure of what we enjoy is lost by wanting more.
Did you remember to order your take-out also?
Perhaps you've been focusing too much on that one thing.
Right now there's an energy pushing you in a new direction.
Everybody feels lucky for having you as a friend.
When the moment comes, take the top one.
Sometimes travel to new places leads to great transformation.
There is always a way - if you are committed.
Life is too short to waste time hating anyone.
All the world may not love a lover, but they will be watching him.
Don't just spend time, invest it.
Life always gets harder near the summit.
Take the chance while you still have the choice.
It is much easier to be critical than to be correct.
Enjoy life! It is better to be happy than wise.
To make the cart go, you must grease the wheels.
You are contemplating some action which will bring credit upon you.
Before you wonder "Am I doing things right," ask "Am I doing the right things?"
You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don't try.
You will always get what you want through your charm and personality.
The big issues are work, career, or status right now.
Your emotional currents are flowing powerfully now.
Any decision you have to make tomorrow is a good decision.
Consume less. Share more. Enjoy life.
The secret of staying young is good health and lying about your age.
Spring has sprung. Life is blooming.
The possibility of a career change is near.
The important thing is to never stop questioning.
Compassion will cure more than condemnation.
Excuses are easy to manufacture, and hard to sell.
Put your mind into planning today. Look into the future.
Listen to life, and you will hear the voice of life crying, Be!
Teamwork: the fuel that allows common people attain uncommon results.
Hard words break no bones, fine words butter no parsnips.
We cannot direct the wind, but we can adjust the sails.
You are offered the dream of a lifetime. Say yes!
Working out the kinks today will make for a better tomorrow.
You have a curious smile and a mysterious nature.
Questions provide the key to unlocking our unlimited potential.
You will enjoy razor-sharp spiritual vision today.
The wise are aware of their treasure, while fools follow their vanity.
Well-arranged time is the surest sign of a well-arranged mind.
Never bring unhappy feelings into your home.
This is really a lovely day. Congratulations!
Bad luck and ill misfortune will infest your pathetic soul for all eternity.
A golden egg of opportunity falls into your lap this month.
You are very grateful for the small pleasures of life.
Today you should be a passenger. Stay close to a driver for a day.
For hate is never conquered by hate. Hate is conquered by love.
Service is the rent we pay for the privilege of living on this planet.
Good clothes open many doors. Go shopping.
The leader seeks to communicate his vision to his followers.
Great works are performed not by strength, but by perseverance.
People who are late are often happier than those who have to wait for them.
Present your best ideas today to an eager and welcoming audience.
Friends long absent are coming back to you.
The time is right to make new friends.
Life to you is a dashing and bold adventure.
You may be hungry soon: order a takeout now.
Do not hesitate to look for help, an extra hand should always be welcomed.
How can you have a beautiful ending without making beautiful mistakes?
Humor is an affirmation of dignity.
He who climbs a ladder must begin at the first step.
What's vice today may be virtue tomorrow.
You have an unusually magnetic personality.
You will travel to many places.
Accept yourself.
Be a generous friend and a fair enemy.
Never quit!
Old friends, old wines and old gold are best.
If your desires are not extravagant, they will be granted.
Every Friend Joys in your Success.
You should be able to undertake and complete anything.
You will enjoy good health, you will be surrounded by luxury.
You are a person of strong sense of duty.
Dream lofty dreams, and as you dream, so shall you become.
You have a quiet and unobtrusive nature.
Great thoughts come from the heart.
You love peace.
Judge not according to the appearance.
One who admires you greatly is hidden before your eyes.
Traveling more often is important for your health and happiness.
You will be sharing great news with all people you love.
You have a reputation for being straightforward and honest.
You are always welcome in any gathering.
You will be traveling and coming into a fortune.
Open up your heart - it can always be closed again.
Being happy is not always being perfect.
Next time you have the opportunity, go on a roller coaster.
Try everything once, even the things you don't think you will like.
Life is too short to hold grudges.
Dream your dream and your dream will dream of you.
Being alone and being lonely are two different things.
Don't worry about things in the past, there is nothing you can do about them now. Don't worry about things that are happening now, make the best of a bad situation. Don't worry about things in the future, they may never happen.
Tomorrow, take a moment to do something just for yourself.
Someone close to you is waiting for you to call.
A virtual fortune cookie will not satisfy your hunger like that of a homemade one.
Smile. Tomorrow is another day.
You can never been certain of success, but you can be certain of failure if you never try.
It takes ten times as many muscles to frown as it does to smile.
Shoot for the moon! If you miss you will still be among the stars.
Keep your eyes open. You never know what you might see.
Tell them what you really think. Otherwise, nothing will change.
Let your heart make your decisions - it does not get as confused as your head.
Working hard will make you live a happy life.
A pleasant surprise is waiting for you.
Calvin will be at your house in 3 minutes.